got me a dream all three back to the
Future movies our production designers
dream now in the first film the
production sign was Larry Paul and we
had decided to shoot the movie on the
backlot at Universal because it simply
was far more practical than going to
actual real town we considered for a
while shooting the picture up in
Petaluma California but when we got to
the reality check and realized that we
would have to change out all the
streetlights all the curbs would have to
be modified there were so many details
that would have to be changed to go from
the 80s to the 50s it was just way too
expensive and impractical to go to a
distant location and do that so we went
to the back lot at Universal and of
course a production designer gets to do
a whole lot more when he has an empty
shell and Larry Paul just went crazy and
really recreated 50 Street that made
everybody on the crew say you know this
reminds me of where I grew up it didn't
matter where they grew up everybody said
the same thing it reminds me of where I
grew up
Back to the Future Part 2 Rick Carter a
production designer of course had to
recreate all the things that Larry Paul
had already done in the first movie we
were able to actually do some scenes on
that Street with some more detail on
some of the storefronts that were never
very clearly seen in the first movie so
that was fun
being able to see the travel agency that
has the ten days from Cuba and the
fallout shelter advertisement in the
realty office or things that were on the
street the first movie we never really
got to see them clearly and in part two
you do get to see them from the 50s now
in the future stuff that's where Rick
Carter had a blast we tried to imagine
what things might be like in the future
to try to make it into a user-friendly
future as opposed to an oppressive
future we would want to say that that's
where we're going we wanted to say it's
going to be better at the time that we
made the movies Japan was an economic
powerhouse back then we thought boy if
the Japanese culture continues the way
it is there'll be a much heavier
Japanese influence on American culture
in the Year 2015
so when you look at the movie you see a
lot of things that were inspired by a
Japanese design and that was a conscious
decision
you